Hey, isn't that the Lonely Monarch of the Gu family in the past?
Mr. Lu has been reduced to begging for food
deserve it
A good wife doesn't like to have to marry a scourge
Yes, still selling tobacco under the humiliation of a concubine
Who wants to see them now on the whole gold sheet?
Hey, hey, get out of Golden Bottle City
There's no shame in staying here
You shut up
You caught up with who I am
Do you think you are the overseer?
You're just a lost dog
Stop if I wasn't the overseer now
Shot dead
Who? Go away
Beichen is me
I am Chomei
Qin Huomei is me, mother
Are you talking about Mei?
You bitch
If it weren't for you, I wouldn't have hired him
No matter how thin I am
You bitch
I'll kill you.
Dear, what are you doing?
It's not that you bribed the City Lord's Mansion
Did you rescue me?
Save you, don't be too affectionate
I hate you for dying in the City Lord's Mansion
Do you know
It's all because of you that I lost everything